requirements:
- handicapped person as a primary character
- the main character is a home nurse 
- their must supernatural things
- th theme is: thriller horror
---
A brief wind blow  wakes me up at night. The curtain is moving up reaching the wall from the repeated wind blows. The cold is coming up my ass, I can feel its shiver in my bones. Except that from that black night, my night rituals always included to close the windows and the curtains no matter what season it was and not blow  my candles out. I can take the summer heat and I can beat myself to sleep even if the candle light is not helping, I just don't want anything to remind me of that night.

I check the candle, it is extinguished but not eaten out. The shivers run through my skin again, but this time it was a scaring bad memory shiver. My breathing is accelerating and my body starts to sweat. Nevertheless I manage to beat those memories and get up to close the window. As I am closing it, the door slams wide open but nobody is standing on the other side and I can hear a howling in the long hallway in front of my chamber. I go straight to the candle and light it up i hold it close to my body so it would by the some miracle warm my now iced body. The wind howling continues. I decide to go out and see what other window or door got opened by this strong wind, or this is what I wanted to believe at that time. 

Indeed, as I supposed all the windows of the house are open and somehow the wind is blowing by the same pattern on every corner of the house. How can the wind blow with the same force and frequency from all directions? How is this so similar to the night my mom died? Why do I feel so trapped, watched and paralyzed in my place? All the questions stop as I remember my father. My actually paralyzed father that lays on his room since the day his loving wife died. He must be so cold, scared and confused too. I ran to his room, mostly so I could feel a physical company other than the supernatural company I was having and secondly to check on him. 

I smash his room's door open. His room is colder, the wind is harder there, the flapping curtains are faster and the sounds are louder. When I turned my head to his bed, he was calmly sleeping on his back as always and he immediately wakes up and look to me with his big eyes. The air got stuck in my lounges and I step back. I say with a trembling weak voice "Father... are you okay?!". I take more steps back, my eyes get wider and I hug the candle closer to me I felt its heat on my chess, or maybe the heat was actually my body temperature increasing as I see his body raising up and his eyes still fixed on me. "Father, what is going on?"I take my head in my hands and scream as loud as i could but he only keeps raising up and when he reaches the sealing  and his neck breaks and everything end with that. 
