I've been procrastinating journalling for ever like if it was a hard thing to do, idk why. I don't think i'm lazy but i am really bad at doing the stuff i know to be very important for me. I am so afraid of new and out of my confort zone stuff. I dont want to have this trait. "I hate it" was the sentence i put here but i didn't not end up using it because i am trying to not use that word again, because this year and the past one i feel like i spammed it on everything and especially on myself. While what i would be actually feeling is not hate, it's probably something else i couldn't specify or that was hard for me to accept or say out loud. I don't want to hate. That is not the energy i want to have in my life and especially not what i want to feel about myself. I want to love myself as i am. Because i deserve it. Even if no one else would love me, i want to be there for myself. I want my love to be enough for me and other people.

ok, so what got me finally here to write at the end of this day (actually i'm writing abot yesterday because this is 2AM) are some bad feelings and thoughts that came back to me after a relatively long period of fighting them. 

For some context, today was the last day of the  exams week and anas and me planned to spend it together, basically playing and we thought we could be alone and so we would finally have some private time for intimacy. I was so excited for this day because i thought to myself yay we could finally kiss and hug for God's sake without them being objectively forced by me and making babe uncomfortable and all alerted. He could finally touch me, masturbate to me, have some foreplay maybe... idk but in general I was really hoping to do the stuff we dont do (stuff that are not masturbating to him or having quick sex with me seing nothing but a table in front of me). But really my biggest wins would've been just kisses and hugs. 

I talked a lot about this part because i had big hopes on those matters which they all fell apart because we couldn't get any empty classroom. So that was my first and biggest disappointment of the day saraha. I felt bad about it. It stuck in my head for a while. I cursed those first year students in my head a bit, bt they had exams so mn 7e9hom I just wanted some alone time with my baby I really just wanted to smell him for more than 5 seconds. I mentioned that to him a few times but that was nothing compared to the disappointment i was feeling. Because I was deprived of him for a long time and I'm already feeling deprived sexually because all the things that i like need time and privacy which we don't have and my hopes were big about this day(saying it again not sorry about it).

Those disappointment feelings got the best of me for a long time. I really don't know how move on from stuff that make me mad no matter how small they are. 

And the other thing I felt today is that i suck. I suck at being happy welah like genuinely. Like both me and babe experienced the same things about the fallen hopes of privacy today but he just moved on and played as for me, my mind was still stuck there, it kept going back to the same point of realization and feeling the same disappointment and chemta over and over. Although, this is not discussed with him but  i feel like i got attached to the idea of this day way more and way longer than he did. 

Also, there was a game I was really excited to play. The graphics are so cool. It's called "Horizon". So anas downloaded it for me to play. And so i start playing and as usual I'm not any good at the fights and the aims. (I started feeling childish and guilty talking about this like if it was some serious shit but Hajar shut the fuck up these are ur feelings, acknowledge them) I also think that it is very normal since i literally did not play any game in my life until last year and not for a long time anyway. So i really was not wiping myself about it i was just enjoying the story, that i only saw 1% of ig, and the views. And sometimes, maybe a lot of times, I wasn't even paying attention to direct clear instructions of the game and doing some bullshit until he points it out and i feel dumb.(idk if u're going to read this babe or not but if u are this is not about you) But, I started getting the "this is so easy, simply do this or that" type of comments and I started slowly feeling bad about something I don't think I should feel bad for. And then came valorant, and I did some bad shit there too. He got angry about me and the other teammates cs we were bad, but ig it was mostly me. Even tho he was angry and i could feel it, he tried to not be obvious about it and still be nice which i appreciate. But it added up to the horizon comments and than my mind took it to the next level really. 

I felt bad yes, my mood shifted a bit down, I was loosing the fun spirit. And my generic thoughts spammed out of nowhere. Thought about that I would never be good enough to make a 2 player game fun rather than annoying for him. I was not having fun anymore because my brai was eaten up with thoughts like this so came after the spam of things about when will get a new hobby? when will I learn to have some fun again? When will i do the thousand things i promised myself to do?  when will have another mood than being bored? when will I have something fun for both of us to do and not only doing the things "he" proposes? when will I give him anything good other than hajr lm9el9a o la lmkhenzra(i dont mean to nkhenzer sorry)? I felt bad because the times li kant9ele9 fihom ana are way way more than the times howa kit9ele9, i feel like i'm only giving him bad energy thus i feel useless! I dont like that sometimes i feel like i have no mood, iI'm just feeling "uughh" for no reason, Idk whyyy??!

self-esteem and confidence so low that simple comments about a game made my brain bring up all sort of bad stuff about me. Although, I really think and i did tell him that it was fine by me to be beaten up that much i was there just for the vibes and I know I am a beginner beginner in games. 

There was another thing that i was thinking about and that i wanted to write about but i really forgot about it.

Anyway, I'm dead asleep. I just wanted to write this out as a reminder to myself that: see, today was nothing in your control. You couldn't have ur privacy and that is neither ur or his fault, and stop thinking he doesn't want you i think he wants u to he just ma3endo maydir. how do you want him to show you that he wants you f 9ism 3amr b nas, think! And don't feel bad because you suck at something jdid 3lik, wakha machi totally jdid wlkn machi mochkil take ur time. It's just a game at the end, it's for fun. you don't like fighting anyway so just dont fight, don't force it on yourself. and ur mind should be cleared out chwiya, because why tf ta howa is trying to make me feel bad b chno kayn o chno makaynch 3la absset seba, fuck off! 

My advice, don't keep ruining ur mood about stuf you have no control about pleeaae. I'm not being delusional but you used to live by this, why not now. You did not bother about the stuff that were out of ur control, as u should. i mean just re-learn that ig. 

Now i realize that it was not these things that ruined the day, it's me who did. It was all inside my head.

How many other good days will I ruin too?

I officially say that today's "ruin" was all in my head and because of me, I could've enjoyed the day in many other ways.  I did not see a lot of beautiful stuff about it, stuff like that I had my baby next to me. And i know that next year I would be dreaming and crying about days like this, they would be all I ask for. Just him next to me. So actually everyday he is next to me should be a win for me, I should appreciate that. 


